was there ever a moment when you kind of
looked around and saw difference between
your will or your makeup you know
psychologic on some of these other
skaters well I guess I noticed that it
took it took forming my own team to
figure that out and to see that in
others I didn't really notice it in my
peers because my peers were the one my
contemporaries at the time in the 80s
they were all really good as far as I
could tell you know I mean I didn't I
didn't think oh this guy's not utilizing
his talents enough for this guy's not
motivated enough we were all sort of
coming up together it wasn't until I
started my own team when I realized that
there are people with incredible talent
and no motivation and then there are
other people that are willing to work
their ass off who don't have a natural
ability but will become successful
because they're so determined and and I
saw it I mean I saw it especially in a
couple of guys that I first put on the
birdhouse team namely andrew reynolds
matt beach matt beach was in my eyes the
most naturally talented skateboarder
that i've ever seen everything came easy
to him and I you know when I would
request these guys to go on tour all I
ask them is that they skate for
exhibitions and whatnot Matt wouldn't
skate half the time we'd flown to Europe
I know any money then you know in our
company but I was flying these guys to
Europe for competitions he would go to
the Cantus and not feel like skating and
I was like how can you do that you know
I was just thinking about not just to me
but to yourself like you have this
incredible talent you just don't care
and then I saw Andrew Reynolds who was
the scrappy little guy taking not very
clean but in terms of his style but
trying some of the hardest stuff taking
the heaviest hits but always skating his
ass off and always trying and he has
become probably the most well respected
street skater today Andrew Reynolds me
he formed Baker Brand Death Wish
skateboards the the community of the the
most hardcore skaters these days call
him the boss
because he developed his style because
he worked his ass off and he's the
shining example of hard work